in Porto Alegre the name of a woman you never knew another one changes so much
hell and gosh and [Laughter]
Hi good night September 17th 17 7 pm in Brasilia I'm here by my side
Elisângela interpreter of pounds to my right here a Pedro Guimarães
president of Caixa Econômica Federal and before you start wash a memory right
passed away today his riding the lieutenant João Pedro Paz internet of the fever returned
in World War II against Nazi-fascism for our freedom and a
very curious thing, right? we love information here that he was not there
late 45s and asked for permission for his Commander was at the ball and was
at the ball and fell in love with Madam I read
I arrested sad Believe you fell in love returned to Brazil left the
girlfriend there and ended up getting married the people proxy is a lot of love speaks to
truth is a lot of love he is beautiful in the presence of the king until day he had completed
a little while ago, I simply confess that I didn't know, but it is equivalent to
75 years of marriage Okay, I have our feelings for João Pedro's family
passes fever and left a story for us is our heroes we have few
of those 25 thousand of the Spiritist sheet home of peace little by little alive so there is no
more or less this age group there 90 there almost a hundred years old Ok and it's a
story including you love that lasted 75 years passing by eye Street
Pedro wants to talk a little bit about Caixa Federal and the aid
emergency today Pedro we had in Juazeiro do Norte Ceará right we stopped there
to make a Pick up a helicopter we went to Coremas where we go to see in the operation
of a photovoltaic power plant
so quite large complex is to meet the short term forecast EA
would have 300,000 homes with solar energy and the total area after all ready you
complex is equivalent to 1100 the football field in currency quite
big is private investment just like Caldas Novas, right we had both
weeks also just that each one has a particularity was within the is within
the city has a human site and here we comment very unfortunately we are not
in this research, it doesn’t make researchers live for another one, we have
researchers in Brazil More specifically for this I believe it is
heavy effort at Mackenzie University in São Paulo I don't know how
that Mackenzie is on this project program here at the Super Drums here was
everything opens now is niobium and graphene is a battery that will
have a capacity to recharge a few minutes separate separate a post
of fuel and the car in the socket will drink coffee
drums and why that few minutes And how your composition of Oliveira
Son allows you to inject faster
faster Unlike the normal battery if you accelerate charge you end up
having an overheating and and damaging the battery is going to be one i'm going to
a revolution in the global auto industry today with all the
sure the price of oil will start to fall Until at last Brazil is champion
renewable energy is just a lot of criticism for critical Brazil that has knowledge
critical right Brazil is the country that most preserves the environment approximately
85 percent 80 85 percent of our energy consumed in Brazil is energy
unlike the world that is in its 70s 80 percent more energy than
fossil, right, in particular coal coal, so Brazil is to be congratulated on the
this basically and it is enhanced what happens here
in Brazil in a negative way because in our field we compete for the product in the field
nothing bro the whole world Brazil is the biggest producer is the biggest producer of
let's not go there I will say that we are going to size Mato Grosso we are going
tomorrow in Sinop smile state of Mato Grosso and the first producer of
corn is also the first soybean in Mato Grosso and the first cotton
also from Brazil but it is but it is Mato Grosso it may be we go Mato Grosso there the state
great I don't know the extent is one of the 54 an hour is tense brazilian states
it was in amazon the second time i stop if i am not mistaken or maybe the third in the
Mato Grosso, right, but it is the great champion in the production of grains of meat food
Ok so then tomorrow if not Yes I know you're just preparing a
great reception for people is very happy are good trailer thanks for
affection for the consideration as we had today too
fast is passage there by the States has some Ceará and Paraíba Ceará and
Paraíba Ok last week we had it here at the fiol in Barreiras right if it's a railroad
West-East integration is part of this street on this railroad.
support of the Brazilian army the Brazilian army definitely helping
collaborating in the implementation of Brazilian railways, I made an order
during this year for me, the defense says the request, right, because there are no certain things
you can't do it right You have to see if you have conditions answered no right because I
I am the president I will reach Avenida Do this for
the film requested for him here would study the possibility of increasing the
I came to ask for Engineers at the military academy of Agulhas Negras
so it was for now but there increased me three four five six the number of
vacancies for Engineers in that military in Agulhas Negras is the people who once
Sandy there goes to the railroad battalions battery construction hit and
will help us to Coar infrastructure here in Brazil
assisted her total 1,500 km connecting Ilhéus Ilhéus in Bahia to Figueirópolis
Tocantins
and how long ago Rodrigo Leitão Rocha came to know you spoke a long time ago
of railroads in Brazil back there hear the option for highways that the price of
oil was down there so it made up for that woman I’m
aged 65 are more or less 55 56 years ago the price of gasoline was
insignificant then investment in that at that time if it was done it was more
advantageous life to pass the time because after the C200 September oil crisis the
sales that wasn’t that way but stopped investing is in this world
in this world spinning quickly Pedro come on how's the payment for
emergency aid is how the fifth installment plays wanted President today we
we started the sixth installment for those from Bolsa Família 1.4 million people
already received this installment we've already had the five
installments not only for Bolsa Família but for over 30 million Brazilians and
was the first batch approved in April and we have also finished the
fourth installment for basically everyone else so we're president already
with approval of the extension of the aid and the schedule will be announced by the
Ministry of Citizenship soon And then Caixa will detail but that is
important President the sixth installment has started and has a very relevant data
until today we are your government has transferred 197 billion reais and of these
197 million 68 billion went to the Northeast and 21 to the North, that is
almost almost good afternoon of the aid money me
regency was for the two most needy regions the north northeast and the states
of these help me there we approved is a Provisional Measure was approved by
Parliament paying for three months r $ 600 for number here didn’t know it was so much
reached 65 million of 67.2 for the work provided to land and has a lot of
people who have a view to having a child have passed h1200 so there was an average of 2,800
reais per average person doing these accounts, it was almost almost 50 billion
for even just over a little over 50 billion for even some neighbors in the
internet I follow a lot eh eh people's money is not people's day this
individual that is going to account that everything like that you had no money in
Banco do Brasil's cash at the Central Bank
there are 50 billion there the hair of Caixa do Rubi from Banco do Brasil and it really is
too heavy for us For Brazil, I know it’s money that isn’t much
but it is also not negligible that I didn’t hear from anyone who gave up
of the appeal so now we have extended a little over two months 5 months and
now the moment of truth has come, I could not continue with $ 600 if I could even
die for everyone here wonder no problem no Only that the
consequence money in the market the will in relation to the basket eternalization
basic he has a reasonable Malta just complains a lot there things are ok
right, the rice really went up quite right, there is a super harvest of
there for the end of this year beginning of next year we are also inventing
import tax if I'm not mistaken with those thousand tons of rice
that comes in the United States for us to see if the
the price that we use to lower the price is using the law of supply and
Search, do you think we should reduce the rice in the pen, right? Canal if you
freeze or product goes off the shelf in Venezuela it's frozen there's nothing
buy is the other country further south is coming with the same problem around right
This is really just freezing and this other country further south is more serious
new government said next the businessman she is forbidden to send banned
send it away writing there is no way not to go wrong, but I will also do it
a lighthouse just a point to make it clear to the population that it is important as the
you guided yourself because of the pandemic we unbalanced so only
to be very rare when we started paying we made the deposit into account
of digital prints and the days after that people can get the
money so only President for a difference between when we deposit the
money and people consume In their digital accounts and when the withdrawal is
physical so what do i mean from this 197 and a half million are in fact the
around 250 billion so there's still a lot of money that has already been transferred
that will be transferred but that has not yet reached the hands of the population so still
for example, another 30 35 days and people will receive it and that in fact
are not accounted for in that year 97 So it means that the impact for the
President economy it will still be felt when we say that already
we pay the fifth installment the fourth installment does mean that people have not yet
received some money in their pockets that not everyone with
How to use your cell phone how can you talk, right, I had a paper problem Okay
right to see the $ 200 bill so now the love house is printing more $ bill
200 So we don't have a paper problem anymore
so digitally paying imagination a race of people to
bank right to withdraw the money to have the paper at home and we will have a
Serious problem to have I was very happy that nothing leaked regarding this I
I couldn’t enjoy a vacation Okay, do something and she would come down from
assemble another 50 billion a month really i think the total circulating currency
it is not all this is not really even that it is ok then this one is over
out of paper problem and I saw a lot of people commenting talking by the elbows
the government’s intention was to collaborate with corruption, it would be up to
more going to the shoe box has nothing to do
old Even the note of all reais is a lot there, you guessed it, you didn't like the
maned wolf But now it's ready for some time and it takes you almost a year to
make a note of that so there was no Season had to use the maned wolf of
200 reais right Record this I think a note was never issued so fast
I remember that Roberto always said that, so it was a last success. Only
no wall in the world has done that which Brazil has done and it is a great pride for
back and then people must be complete a particular case I was accused a while
ago by ex-minister Sérgio I live to interfere in the Federal Police this
accusation of him right and even that at the time he that in that session Our
reserved right Italy Pizzeria the evidence that interference in the land has
unfortunately right This video was the homily Celso de Mello released
Unfortunately it was to disclose Only on our request that interest you
the Hubble process says everything 29 for lavender over there but the way I
talk and vent many times and nothing was found there now the investigation
continues and the rapporteur minister Celso de Mello is wanted me to testify is
face-to-face answering questions are two lawyers from the hill and the
Sergio Moro himself affects the world has to ask anything to see he has to
be hours saw you your excellency right with you we got it right a while ago
interfered here did this did that Because it had a quick rebound
look 30 days before he left he gave
an interview is saying that I had never interfered with the Federal Police but
also then I appealed one day yesterday at around ten o'clock in the evening
as Minister Celso de Mello is on sick leave Neilson Marco Aurélio
gave an injunction today suspending everything from this investigation until my request right
to be heard of in writing as has happened in the past with the president
that preceded me was worth it too so you have to do it for everyone
world right then the plenum of the supreme will decide I don't know how much is at hand
now the minister fux lacks that and then God wants to bury you soon
process there and put an end to this with this farce saw this former Minister of Justice
and use it lightly the best he claims no testimony of him you are a wall
who did not accuse me I brought the suit is a joke
and it is now up to the Supreme Court to deepen the investigation or are you kidding me?
this Sergio I live was all in and it will be that it is
Robson returns the dollar yesterday, we have definitive ownership, you know, as holder of the
Health folder to General pazuello believes right is not unanimous
I’ve never seen, I haven’t seen any Governor yet, I was even surprised I won’t say the
name here two governors praised deadline and it surprised right ok he some
I even speak, right, the step is going very well despite the president, it's the same thing
Flamengo was champion despite Jesus because he was the coach until there is tension
you can see it made a happy channel that is there the player was stuck on Google will
understood will lose the game telling the certainty but that's okay And I didn't Yesterday I
I said I live together I think it’s worth it for those who haven’t heard a little bit of 12
minutes that I said are on my Facebook on mine Sometimes you are worth listening to
what happened when we talked him and I said say
G1 and everything I thought I had done
everything that I had the opportunity and did not omit me I took a
I talked about that decision I had about his vitamin I said that this story
stay at home, right, the TV economy, then it’s not like that, the bill is coming to everyone
pay for the collection and leave the kids at home, we are the country that
have the most days the kids without class are only missing
I even sent the message to Nilson Milton of education.
prepare right and start guiding since the decision is ours this guidance from
governor of the mayor to turn to Brazil classes that Enade medicine
we lose the negative on the other hand and keep watching the teachers union
you just need to know how it is composed, right, the union's ideology
almost all teachers in Brazil, right, is the staff
the radical that for him is very good to stay at home for the reason it hurts first
that for him I’m a Workers Union at home and another one, you know, collaborates so that now
tied do not learn more things do not do not return to learn so destroy another of
back to school see something tougher you have on Monday this
Monday the 21st President we will complete 60 million people
receiving the FGTS advance in the amount of thirty-seven point eight billion
ie President those born in December last month of the year received the
five million people are anticipating it so what is important
Here we have 67 million two hundred aid recipients and 60,000
people who received up to 1045 FGTS Record number the federal police
published a few days ago the isonomy 180 so people who are collectors
personal shooter who says there is positive news for you tomorrow Ok
predicted we can seven o'clock in the morning at Sinop thought party tomorrow
there I don't live at seven o'clock there our
[Song]
What is the size of the property plus how much is it worth for each module to deposit the
want to leave more or less one What is what Paulista until the end of
milheiro 50 that is all that e690 titles I can use in my ticket
now in Ceará Paraíba people are really asking for property arts
of the family was there for over 30 years without title now in that
sir, here we are breaking the record for delivering securities
property then the location right 7:00 Sinop 10:30 in Sorriso But one thing to
pass the questions to induce the question I see here Facebook Wow
32,000 ok YouTube 14,000 but Augusto's gang is not leaving us in
bonfire right The gang of Augusto Nunes is there 73 thousand Young Pan News 9000
focus on Brazil eight political sheet four total and 140
and the person watching them is very thankful and when it is over here we will
pass the questions now here from the Jovem Pan radio drop in i brought you back there
put on Jovem Pan to watch Augusto music only with his gang there so that
certainly one of the best informational programs we have in the
Brazil present there only gives two information very fast which is very
important is you helped revolutionized ended 37 and a half million
of Brazilians was that they were invisible that was not in any kind
of government program were found by the government of the five 37 and a half million
of people that the person who survived the informality ship the satan and who
great part were not the first ones hit by that measure closes everything to
I couldn’t sell the cat barbecue in the square, I didn’t sell the
biscuit on the beach the soda there in the states
and even wait for you there, wait for it to start there and even public the
football games here is not with its full capacity plus ten twenty
thirty percent before you can start opening Sergeant Tocantins I think the
people will see Anvisa's opinion of health for this everything is positive
walking in this direction here and the last number is 33 million Brazilians not
had with whom they go And why is this important President These people
when they needed to borrow money and one for a moneylender and take
Twenty percent a month and read to the loan shark there, the banks would charge
average when we assume what to look out for in the past on Overdraft 14 by
cent per month the cash is charging how much now 1.8 percent we are
studying reduce more is almost here believed 1.8 percent That's right
rates that increase in the country there from the post the next of the first Mortal a little bit
Ah ok because the distance but it was already acceptable the recommended you do not enter
on the overdraft already, if you want to enter, go to the cashier when
I cache Pedro the fourth couple if I already have three hello come on Question
asks Pedro II
and we have seen a sharp heating up in the housing market and the
question to President Pedro Guimarães S this is also reflected
the biggest one is for real estate financing at Caixa
Economic she thank you very much for the question the box broke the record
of the last five years in real estate credit in July in August September
we are very well President we had a reduction in April and May and June
we had already recovered Júlio was an August record also at Caixa
Federal Economy we’ve already felt a better economy for about three months and
we will have a very strong year plus one at Forte da Caixa the wire to use you know
of that Caixa Econômica right now Pedro can talk
and who are your directors, right, who are your vice presidents, didn’t have any
political nomination is filling the past dear board of directors belongs to a party
political group any other because another group also had this reflection
or the gifts from Caixa were a guy who said stepping on eggs, right hoping for
do not go wrong you better present it so you want one
thanks to the president my boss Minister Paulo Guedes is just corroborating
the president always spoke of restricted support I think the result is this
the box has never had so much profit interest is low and governance index so
good is the same thing Banco do Brasil Coincidência right That's how I do it and today
with the name of the city Down that old city there that you already passed here
the ET woman uses Augusto Nunes on these trips, right? I just force A
the bar is there I impose it right I have to go up there by helicopter
let's choose a place to land so they can't often without
all that security right but attention is my functional okay a blouse
helicopter helicopter of the Brazilian army that that really are more
rustic, right? And we can today in Mission Velha mission are old and
it will be the Missão Velha Ceará so they land at the football stadium over there
football field right the wonderful reception you can see the images of the
ours on Facebook and there the staff asked to go to reactivate it the post of the Bank
from Brazil and then you walk the box then in those 45 minutes I can already give a
news for you and for the Missão Velha people we will have
mathematically, it is a post at Caixa Econômica Federal, even because this is a
attribution of the box, right Learning everyone is a community that can be
it is not profitable right but the social point of view president of Caixa o
bank of all Brazilians so there is a social point and we will open
a point there is a small agency but we will open mathematically so the
people from in São old then old can charge me for the word I do I will
I contacted the entire Banco do Brasil cashier Rubens Rubens to see if it is
it is possible that it does not Force the bar does not wear it is possible for Banco Brasil to reopen that
there in Missão Velha ok and Missão Velha Ok and he said he was going
study and now you take advantage you don't know if there are any Caixa agencies
it doesn’t have it but it’s a place that has social services
with the box and the month is a region I will be there even
President a month from a Mais Brasil cashier and it is very close to Juazeiro to vote
in Juazeiro and then I will move to Missão Velha we will be received
as a lucky old television there simply Rubi is left to give
answer if it goes Anything I take Ruben will also make Brasil Caixa the
good Asked to get out of here now he asked 75 years because to take a break there
recharged the batteries before coming a little to family etc. Rubi served
very well we at Banco do Brasil here another question if he wants Zé Maria
and
and save a very good night President Jair bolsonaro good night Pedro Guimarães
Caixa president looks at Doctor Pedro show took action there against the market
financial market has been operating there for over 20 years in the financial market and
know that this is a great power right and the same taking these measures your
ensured that Caixa Econômica Federal did not get in trouble until it made a profit
but my question is you really need to have three big banks still in the
government the Banco do Brasil box and tmds thank you already got that one for me going
let Pedro answer the answer after it certainly is for the boss of is
the box never got so crazy we arrived last year with 21 billion
real crazy record profit and that year before the pandemic we were just fine and
we will also have a very strong result
What is possible to have both social service interest rate reduction and in
true the core which is a consequence now this question your obviously the
president of Jamari I already said that Banco do Brasil and Caixa Econômica of my
government is not considering his privatization as well as that he in the private of Casa da
Currency there I just talk interfere exercise my right is no difference is a
right my sign that you or the boys right in the case Paulo Guedes da
Poça Elsa to the present state banks Okay The Mint I thought that
it was not the case had information I had from other countries that privatized it
and then go back I think that what the Casa da Moeda takes away It has to be
something like secret is blind not a national security thing
the Mc passport the money coins among so many so many things there so in the
my government will also be Faces 3 right the rest is not easy any
privatization is time-consuming does not justify the mainstream media saying that that I am
holding eating okay holding on like this Sensations there's a lot here that gives
prejudice you have to privatize yourself until you give yourself free to someone until
advantageous not only losing money, we're losing everyone now we too
we understand everything that the private sector can do that will give up
say this our thought let's go like this
good then Hi good night President bolsonaro Good
President Pedro 'night with the pandemic the government was forced to mount and
managed to set up a transfer payment program in a few weeks
of income that was the emergency aid program and that includes the inclusive
people who were outside the government's social registers, right, the so-called
invisible now past that moment President Pedro what remains
learning What were the biggest lessons the mistakes made the hits with
that emergency aid program and what would you change or what could
be improved o If there is a new government social program in the future
thank you good night thank you very much in sleep sometimes easy right President were
It was a very important moment in Brazil in the world and in my life I remember
that the president she in the beginning is we pay 50 million people in two
weeks on the app's good morning we're going to
we have three days of the law we find 42 million Brazilians is between
people who ended up being approved and not approved but it's something that
changed my life I wanted to thank the 36 thousand employees of Caixa
President knows we have almost daily meetings that the President always
asked us we had a very impacting disease and the question of lack
money and President Minister Paulo Guedes asked Pedro how it is
going at the beginning was very complicated because everyone is in the
agencies we had by But I believe this is what management is
react to problems so in an objective way we had 67 million
people getting it every month and many of them
there are millions can't move on their cell phones, right? So, they are needy people
several times the president even spoke on the cell phone people receiving
1200 sometimes 1800 when I had a dependent never had a visa so much
money so i can tell you the following no country in the world has done this
we have the largest digital bank base in the world with 120 million people eight
out of every ten adults in Brazil has a digital account at Caixa Econômica Federal
this was done in a very intense way I want to thank the president
and Minister Paulo Guedes and the cashiers, but I can tell you
say this is a one click life experience continues today we
we start the friday tomorrow i'm going to Maranhão on saturday we have one more
payment and what Caixa Econômica does is every weekend we are in
somewhere in Brazil the connection 72 weekend and in a while
two weeks there is even an event with president I don’t know if we can talk
no but they are very impactful things because it is exactly or with Carioca to have
lived in São Paulo are two years in Brasilia together with president I
never seen this poverty is that we see it in Brazil So just to finish the
that is happening in aid when we take out 33 million people who
had no water in it and we included 37 million people in the registry of the
government changed their lives or the pandemic is very serious really people
passed away But there is still another point we changed the lives of more than 30 million
of Brazilians because when we needed money they go more
catch Generally the symptoms I did It ended the work the questions thank you
the announcer Augusto is not on vacation Ok
ok so thank you then saw brawn to Fiúza And Zé Maria for the questions
next week we will give a week that wins Resende until we know
I'll do the Live of the class where as a cadet, I stayed for a year in 77
So we are going to take a trip Rezende has a conversation with the Cadets
stay at the gym in the artillery class where I burn there and I
now I ask everyone is watching who cares then go to Jovem Pan pingo nos is
for us to watch here these final 20 minutes From the comments of these
wonderful people from Jovem Pan who give us the honor of accompanying the
our end of this live that has become a tradition of our entire
Thursday Thank you so much for good, then tomorrow then Sinop 7:00
smile 10:30 after you return truck drivers attack our beauty we
hit a truck driver chat in Mato Grosso at 163 that's where we included some
critics I saw the Tarciso boy from the structure the other day
I don’t know what it’s like and then someone told him to turn on the gift, he’s taking the tab
of the others and ending of it spoke thanks to God still very old that the
new work because the boy comes takes a year to complete and is 163
that 50 km piece is a highway that started in the gas government had
trucker stayed a week i'm there in that tretton it was a direct pass to have
enjoyed the right moment there at the time that it does not rain in the region in a few
as 2 3 months 4 finished this wonderful work there on br-163 as soon as
we killed by completing many works in Brazil and attention Our people more
important besides the lack of resources is the
transposition of the São Francisco and began at the time of the empire If I'm not mistaken
is this project, right? And what we want is this is a sign of respect for money
of the taxpayer And what we really want to do is end this with this
stock of works from the past I had these days here as coach Bittar do Acre
he’s very interested he’s the budget guy now so he’s interested
and agreed with us we will get our hands dirty is one is a highway also walking
for 200 kms I call Brazil to guard the turkey there Where are we going to get
so by land is where the Cordillera dos before the lowest
right passage to the Pacific Paraguay Ecuador and there also Rondônia
we got it right there you don’t have a bridge over there with Dona Olivia ok
Not free for Rodrigo either, but here for the South There are two bridges of the
Brazil with Paraguay that is being made by Itaipu binational Na
our side, right, through his present, General Silva and Luna and
managed to make the Brazilian and practical part there, but I hadn’t
profit this year alone should invest 1 billion reais there in the region counting
with these two bridges with Paraguay and he serves there and a lot of things
about 20 cities there in the Foz do Iguaçu region So guys
Thank you very much thank you Young Pan until next week if God wants right